- Atomic Habits:
  1. Small lifestyle changes compile to a big one over time. 
  2. We don't rise to the level of our goal, we fall to the level of out systems
  3. The habits don't stick unless we change our personalities.
- The expectation effect:
  1. People who believe they can do something are more likely to achieve it.
  2. You might as well adopt beliefs that will assist you.
- The upside of stress:
  1. Not all is stress — if it is about something important, it is okay.
  2. You should pick a stress that is worth it.
- So good that they can't ignore you:
  1. We tend to love the things that we are good at, not the other way around. You can be passionate about anything, so we should focus on developing our skills.
- The innovator's dilemma:
  1. We tend to miss life-changing opportunities not because we are not looking for them, but because we are benefitting too much from our old tendencies.
- READ! Influence (Childini):
  1. Stuff abt influencing people.
- The 4-hour work week:
  1. We do not become rich obtaining expensive posessions, but instead by having the freedom and the ability to have enriching experiences. This can be achieved with a moderate amount of money by automating and etc.
- The denial of death:
  1. Death is life's ultimate motivator, which pushes us to create "immortality projects", that can outlive us. They are both source of everything good and bad in our lives.
- The paradox of choice:
  1. When offered more options, we are less satisfied with whatever we choose. 
  2. So we should narrow down our choices.
- Rich dad poor dad:
  1. Poor people tend to spend money until there is no more left, rich people expect a good return.
- Man's search for meaning:
  1. He who has a "why" to live can bear almost any "how"
- How to win friends and influence people:
  1. The way to connect with others is to simply open yourself up to being connected with them.
- Start with why:
  1. When making a choice ask what are we pursuing on a bigger time scale.
- The Coddling of the American mind:
  0. People have become more fragile because:
  1. The rise of the helicopter parenting
  2. The philosophy of safetyism
  3. Lack of play
  4. Social media
- The revolt of the public:
  1. The rise of the social media made public protests very easy to make.
  2. The new kind of protests are different from the old ones: they are unorganized, and while they usually advocate for downfall of the current establishment, they rarely offer something in its place. 
  3. Its no longer left vs right, its center vs periphery.
- Getting the love you want:
  1. Our parents imprint a "love map" in our brains: the way we understand affection and intimacy. 
  2. We then seek partners that fit into our map and recreate the mistakes made. 
  3. The way to get out of that is to find a partner also aware of this and to work together on correcting those mistakes.
  4. The power of relationship is healing the emotional wounds.
- READ! The psychology of money:
  1. A collection of ideas about our mishandling of money.
- READ! Outlive:
  1. Most popular reasons of death are: heart disease, cancer, Alzheimer or diabetes. 
  2. All of these diseases are accumulated slowly over time. 
  3. Our medical system is not design to prevent illnesses. 
  4. The book is a guide to preventing all of those illnesses.
- Read? Stumbling on Happiness:
  1. Happiness isn't something that results from external events.
- Thinking in bets:
  1. Think about decisions not in binary terms, but in chances or probabilities.
  2. Decisions can be viewed as a series of bets, with expected returns.
- READ! Thinking, fast and slow:
  1. There are two systems, fast and slow. 
  2. System one (first) — fast, gut instinct. 
  3. System two (second) — slow, methodical.
  4. The mistake in our lives comes from misusing those systems.
- READ! On the genealogy of the Morale:
  1. There are two conflicting morales in our lives:
  2. The spoil should go to the victor. (Master morality)
  3. Strong should care for the weak. (Slave morality)
  4. Both have the seed to tyranny and downfall when unchecked by the other. They should exist in harmony!
- READ! Zen mind, beginner's mind:
  1. Stuff about meditation.
- The better angels of our nature:
  1. The violence is receding in our world. But why — described in the book.
- Fear and Trembling:
  1. To give our lives a sense of stability, we must choose to believe certain things matter more than ourselves. This choice require a leap of faith, because we cannot be sure about the result.
- Deep work:
  1. Hard work is greatly harmed by distracting and task switching. 
  2. There are strategies to achieve deep work described in here.
- The power of now:
  1. Most of out suffering comes from future or past. Once we can stabilize in the present, the suffering melts away, as it is imaginary.
- The Blank Slate:
  1. A lot more is genetically driven than we perceive.
- READ! Fooled by randomness:
  1. We find patterns in randomness, and try to convince ourselves that we know what we are doing.
- READ! The seven principles for making marriage work:
  1. Stuff about good marriage, some counter intuitive thoughts.
- READ! The subtle art of not giving a fuck:
  1. Some stuff.